part 1: a brief intro into aidan’s life

aidan scanlan. or aidan scatlan as he will come to be known. is a bit of a complete walnut when it comes to being a social human being. for being part of a species that prides itself on its ability to find strength in packs, he is woefully awful at doing so. my initial impression of him was that he was nice; and that is all there is to him. he has no personality, and is nothing beyond small talk and pleasantries. anyway, he is a somewhat of a social pariah; i cannot name any of his friends off, and do not know anyone he routinely hangs out with. in my dorm usually it is quiet, with the occasional tapping from his end as he plays League of Legends: Wild Rift on his iPad Pro. we talk, but the talk is usually only for necessities. my dorm was a suite, with two bedrooms, and one shared bathroom with all of us, with two lofted beds in each room; my suitemates, wonjun and isaac, who will be relevant later in this story, are angels. while they were randomly assigned to each other, they are really lovely people, and i am quite sad to leave them. they asked me to not leave, but ultimately understood why i was doing so. anyway, living with aidan is usually awkward in that i do not talk to him much; to this day, i do not know if he’s had a girlfriend. he doesn’t know anything about my personal life, and that is a two way street. aidan did have a few people, but these were people that lived relatively tame lives, chatting at the dining table and going to bed at reasonable times. while not confirmed, based on my analysis, it seemed aidan wanted a more risqué lifestyle, to party, to club. while i went out clubbing or to parties, he would always ask: where are you going? oh cool haha who’s going? oh cool haha. now, if aidan and i were tight, it would be perfectly reasonable for him to ask and tag along. however, we are not tight at all. we do not fundamentally fit in with each other as people. i don’t know if there is anyone at all who fits with aidan. so one day he asks to come to a club with me, and i decline, saying that we do not have an extra spot in the car (we actually lyfted to the club so that was a fat lie). the following exchange transpired between me and aidan: 

Aidan (3:36 AM): Hey. I feel like we don’t really hang out, which is fine if you want it to be that way, but I would appreciate knowing explicitly if that’s the case. If that’s not the case, I’d love for you to introduce me to your friends (I’m always looking to expand my social circle, especially since I showed up to school late), and maybe I could go out clubbing or something with you guys one of these nights.

(now let me insert a note here. first of all, showing up late to school is not any reason to not make friends. i hang out with maybe one person i met in the first four days. eat my ass aidan. make some friends. second, at first glance this text is quite innocuous and even relatable, but it put me in a very precarious spot: saying no would make me seem like a jerk and potentially strain our mostly civil roommate relationship, but saying yes was not something i was very happy with given our not too stellar relationship. he puts me in a spot where i don’t really have a choice but to say yes though because i don’t really wanna risk souring a relationship that i would have to live with for the rest of the year. my friends also hundred percent would not get along with aidan, and i know this; it’s just aidan, with his lack of any social sense, who seems oblivious to this fact.)

Abi (7:33 AM): hey no sorry we should go out sometime i don’t mind also lauren was here pretty late so i let her sleep in my bed sorry for the lack of heads up. she kind of groans in her sleep so if she wakes u up i apologize

(another note here: i saw aidan’s text at 3:37 am but did not want to respond, because what the fuck. however, given that i had a girl in the room (who actually deadass just slept there she just didn’t wanna walk back to her dorm at 5 am so i let her sleep in my bed and she groaned because she had some cough or something i just ended sleeping at my desk) i was kind of obligated to respond and given that i was already kind of pushing it w a girl in the room i kind of had to say yes to him to appease him. he did know the girl so there’s that, but ultimately the entire thing put me in a very awkward position)

anyway, i didn’t go clubbing after that so i never really had to invite him, and i didn’t really tell him if i went to a party or anything either. it’s also worth mentioning that all my friends that had met aidan also empathized with me on my views on him, in that he was nice but also in possession of the social skills of a banana. if my suitemates and i were convening in their room and talking, aidan would walk in and laugh, and the conversation would instantly die, with all of us falling quiet and either leaving or going back to doing whatever work we had. if i had someone in my dorm with me and he walked in, the conversation would also similarly die, and we would both leave and go to the other persons dorm instead. so now i’ve set up a lot of context that paints a pretty strained relationship; nevertheless, it was still not substantial cause for me to reassign. 

part 2: shit goes down :p

considering aidan’s mindset here for a second though. it’s actually quite a sad situations, and even evokes some sympathy for him, even for me. i understand why he might be feeling bad about himself; who wouldn’t in his situation? he is simply nice to most people, but he is simply just not likable. some of my friends even suggested that i was simply too mean to him, and should invite him. i even agreed at times; it’s not like i am explicitly mean to him, but perhaps my general attitude towards him merited some reconsideration. however, a particular chain of events that happen irrevocably destroys our relationship in a way so bad that i indeed did reassign. friday night, this past weekend, i went out to a couple of parties. i took an edible and had some alc, so i was pretty twisted. i returned to my dorm building at around 2 am, and was just spending my time with a few friends in my friends dorm. however, i receive a snap from another group of friends who have somehow managed to find themselves in my dorm, without a key or anything. intrigued, i go down to my own dorm, still crossed, to find four people in my dorm who had also gone out and gotten drunk, and isaac and wonjun, my suitemates, who had ALSO gotten drunk at some other party. we all thought it was very funny and proceeded to all sit in my dorm, where aidan was also located. we were all talking, and i took another edible for kicks. anyway, it’s like 2:30 am by this point and aidan says ‘i’m going to get a drink,’ grabs a solo cup, and goes into my suite’s other room, the one isaac and wonjun inhabit. now, they were in possession of a 1.75 liter bottle of absolut vodka. absolut vodka is a monster; among vodka, it is in its own league in its capability to fuck someone up. no one really questions why aidan is drinking at like 3 am, when presumably we should be winding down for the night, but we were all drunk, so who was really gonna notice at that moment. 

it is here that i need to take a detour from my story. although i did not know it at the time, aidan had not really gone out that night. i had assumed aidan had actually found some party to go to, and got drunk there; this was not the case. let me paint a scene for you all. apparently, as the girl across from my room informed me the next day, aidan had been following around these three dudes the entire day. now, these dudes aren’t particularly nice people, so apparently, they went and barricaded themselves in the girls dorm (the girl who told me the story), and wouldn’t let either the girl or aidan in, saying, ‘aidan had the worst fucking fomo, he doesn’t have any friends and he won’t leave us the fuck alone, he’s been following us around all day.’ that’s pretty fucked up. i figure seeing all his roommates and their friends having fun being drunk and just sitting in his dorm made him feel pretty left out, and spurred some pretty irrational decisions. consider the disarray aidan’s mind is in as we move on into the story.

as we later find out, aidan pretty much finished the rest of the bottle. there was maybe a fourth of it left, probably a bit more when we last saw the bottle. we calculated this to be around 15 shots, but that number might not be too accurate. also consider that at almost 3 am, it has been probably 6 hours since aidan last had any food. we haven’t asked him yet, but we figure he just poured an absurd amount of alcohol into the cup and chugged it all. anyway, all this information is not really known as aidan walks back in to my room after he gets his drink. again, we were all under the assumption aidan went out somewhere and had come back, so we really don’t think of it much when he starts acting a bit drunk. until we realize that he is getting more and more drunk extremely fast. keep in my mind that my four friends that were in the dorm were seeing aidan for the first time.m in their lives. he goes from just chilling on the stairs to his loft to acting extremely hyper all of a sudden, literally just laughing at everything. we are all understandably confused, but not concerned. i am baked, and am mostly just ignoring his presence. my suitemates are also j chilling as they are very drunk too. aidan starts to get up and climb up to his bed, saying he will go to sleep. we are afraid he will projectile vomit on to us from the loft, as we all saw how drunk he was getting. thankfully, he does not do this, but he does not go to sleep either, presumably because he feels like complete shit. he ends up walking back down, at which point i tell him to go sit next to the trash can. he refuses, saying he does not feel like throwing up at all and that he was completely fine, and is adamant that he just ‘needs a bit time to sit this out and he will be fine’. he tries to go back to bed and keeps going back up and down for a while, until he finally sits down at the trash can after i keep asking him to do so. at this point he says, ‘isaac, or abi, i trust you guys to take care of me please take care of me or help me go up to bed.’ now i understand that as a roommate i should help, but let me just say if isaac or i were drunk, we would not ask aidan for help. we are not friends w him. we would ask someone we went out with, or friends. aidan literally does not have anyone that he went out with, and now we had to deal with it. what’s worse is that if the situation worsened and an RA had to be called, my suitemates would be involved as it was their alcohol. little side note: aidan did not ask to have their alcohol. they had let him take one shot earlier, but never had they imagined he would literally steal the entire bottles worth of alcohol. anyway, aidan starts monologuing to himself. i cannot describe it any other way. he is literally just talking to himself, staring straight up at the ceiling, talking to random people that are not there. sometimes isaac’s name or my name slips out, but what streams out is not legible english. he also switches language sometimes, going off in chinese and some other language for a bit. keep in mind this is a white dude from idaho, so i thought he was possessed. he is literally operating on ragdoll mechanics at this point, but he gets up to go to the bathroom somehow, and like slams my bedroom door behind him, and we hear a loud thud from the bathroom. i ask isaac to go check on him, as i am feeling the force of my second edible, and isaac comes back ready to fucking throw up. apparently aidan was pants down, pissing himself on the floor, lying in a puddle of his own piss. i refuse to believe it, as i am high. i am quickly sobering up but am still trying to convince myself that i am dreaming. aidan then stumbles back into the room somehow, and sits down. i am not really processing it, and don’t process how disgusting that was at the moment. he then asks isaac and i to help him up to bed again, and gets back on. we are all extremely concerned he is about to projectile vomit on to us now, but thankfully he still does not. he does, however, try to come back down the stairs, trips, stumbles down the rest, and falls into the living space between my bed and his bed, flat on to his face. we were all sitting on the floor but parted quickly as he fell, so he fell pretty hard. we are all now incapable of ignoring the situation, as he turns around, drunk smiling, and there is a massive wet spot on his shorts as he pees himself again, this time in my room. there was a dark spot in the carpeting of my room that was just piss. aidan is shitfaced beyond shitfaced at this point, and is smiling and warbling to everyone, saying something along the lines of ‘i’m sorry guys, i’ll reintroduce myself to u guys again when i’m in a better state, i’ll talk to u guys tomorrow.’ this obviously did not happen. isaac and i then figure out we actually need to do something, and direct him to the bathtub. he gets up, almost falls down, and somehow stumbles into the bathroom, and sits down in the bathtub. thankfully, we did not have to touch him for any of this, as after he sits down in there, fully clothed, he proceeds to shit himself. i almost threw up after seeing that, as some of the shit leaks out from his shorts somehow, and somehow, while isaac is nudging aidan into the bathtub, his white vans got a little bit of shit on them, a nice brown spot of aidan’s shit that is still on there. my friends quickly leave after this happens. because who wouldn’t. the creepiest thing through this entire ordeal, is something pretty simple i’d say. aidan would not stop smiling for some reason. he would shit himself and sit there smiling. he would lock eyes with me and smile sometimes. it was terrifying. at this point it’s just me isaac and wonjun in the room. i’m sobering up mostly but wonjun is beyond tired so he passes out on his bed, leaving isaac and i to deal with aidan. isaac has a pretty bad headache, and tries to help, but is visibly in pain, so i let him sleep too. at this point it’s just me versus aidan. i consider just leaving but i could not do so: i did not want him to die, did not want to call an RA either due to the trouble everyone would get in (i would be exempt from trouble, but the rest would be screwed due to alc in my suitemates’ room and aidan being drunk), and i felt somewhat obligated as a roommate. anyway, aidan is sitting there, shit and piss all over his shorts, and as i watch and listen to him breathing, he puts a leg out of the bathtub. this is maybe 30 minutes after my suitemates go to sleep, and it is maybe around 3:45 am now. i freak out. i do not want to see what kind of shitty state he is in, and did not want any of whatever the fuck that was to step out of the bathtub. i freak out (was still high) and start banging on my suitemates door, and isaac comes out, and we yell at aidan to sit in the bathtub until he listens, which he does after giving me a nice smile. isaac goes back to sleep for good this time, and i am left to take care of him. he still had not thrown up, and i listen to him pass into a sort of ragged slumber for the next hour or so, while i just sat there and made sure he didn’t stop breathing. he snored for a while, which i guess made it easy, but then just went into quiet breathing, so i would have to step in and go around the piss and hold my breath to listen to him breathe. i don’t even want to talk about the smell. anyway, an hour later, aidan wakes up, sending a spike of terror through me. i am actually terrified of him at this point. he then starts to violently throw up; thankfully, most of it is in the tub, although some dribbles over the sides. he throws up for god knows how long. i literally cannot tell you guys how fucking long he threw up for. he was still fully clothed at this point, so it was just getting all over him. he then again tries to exit the bathtub, so i have to yell at him until he finally agrees not to. i tell him to go to sleep in there. he does not want to to do that, and honestly, probably for the better. i didn’t want him to wake up after i went to sleep and traipse into our room to sleep like that either. anyway, aidan decided switching on the bathroom faucet was the optimal course of action. of course, it does not drain as fast as the water is pouring in, so now aidan is sloshing around in a pool of his shit, throw up, and piss now, and when i mean sloshing, he is sloshing around. there are so many squelching noises and nightmarish sounds i cannot begin to explain that i heard that night from that bathtub. eventually, i understand what he is doing: one shoes comes out and drops down on to the floor from his hand, and the other follow shortly after. they are wet, and the white laces are no longer so, washed over with a brown color that made me gag. he does this for a while, and then tries to clamber our; in spite of my desperate pleas, he would not listen this time and stepped out, with shit smeared on the bottom of his legs. did i forget to mention? the sloshing sounds were also partly him taking off his pants, so now aidan was butt naked from the waist down, and kindly decided to flash me his watery shit stained ass, with shit water dripping off of it. i am afraid that he is going to fall down and get a concussion, and also afraid of the walking biohazard that i was looking at, so i yelled at him to get back in the shower while he smiled at me with his eyes glued to mine. he then finally walked back in. i literally had to snap at him like 5 times for him to look at me for the last like two hours of this ordeal, and his head would like snap up and he’d lock eyes with me and smile. i am literally beyond disturbed by the entire thing. i tell him to take his shirt off and take a shower. thankfully, the tub did drain, so after a lot of coaxing, aidan finally switched on the shower. he showered, but i should more accurately describe it as he just stood under the water and whimpered. he would not switch off the shower either, so after yelling at him for ten minutes to switch it off, i finally had to go in to that shit hole of a bathroom and switch it off myself. (my dorm has no communal bathrooms so the bathroom was shared between aidan me isaac wonjun just to clarify). while in there, i caught a glance of our bathtub, which was mostly okay, but had a very strange item in there. it was a plastic water bottle which we had given to him to drink water out of before he shit himself. i guess he carried it with him in there, and it was now brown and crusted with shit. that also almost made me throw up. anyway i shut the shower off and gave him a towel. he stepped out now, no fucks given whatsoever, and flashes me his dick and literally everything. ive seems mans naked front to back. i go get him some clothes and he moans and smiles while putting them on, and walks back to his bed, at this point i am exhausted and don’t care anymore, and watch him go up to his bed. he almost falls off so i have to push him up, and he hundred percent did not shower with soap, so that was disgusting too. i go back to the bathroom for one last lookover, and get a nice view of his shit stained underwear and shorts in the bathroom, with skid marks so big that literally could not be called skid marks. our shower curtain was literally splattered with shit and throw up, and for some reason it was all brown so you couldn’t even tell it apart. i climbed up to my bed, listened to him breath for as long as i could, then fell asleep finally.

part 3: aidan scatlan

the reason behind the name should be pretty clear now. i woke up the next morning, and did not really even know what to do. aidan was still sleeping, but i didn’t really know what to do, so i pretended to be asleep until he got up. he didn’t say much to me. he actually didn’t say anything for that matter. when asked how much he remembered, he said everything up until he got into the bathtub. no apology no thank you nothing. i told him to clean his piss off our floor and left. i don’t even think he did that. i haven’t slept in that room since. i avoid it at all costs and slept at ucla the next day, and then in my friends room until today. upon returning from ucla the next day i expected our bathroom to be clean; while the piss was cleaned off, it smelled beyond rancid in there. the shower curtain were still there. you could not go in there without the putrid scent of rotten refried beans wafting into your nose. i walk into my room and aidan has not taken out the trash. his little plastic shit water bottle is on top of the trash pile. that was really the last straw for me. his shoes were still in there, in our dorm. who the fuck wouldn’t throw them away. i think he just washed his clothes. who tbe fuck wouldn’t throw that away? he ended up just washing the shower curtains. who the fuck wouldn’t buy new ones? he didn’t offer to buy new shoes for isaac, and i think he just tried to rub the shit off in the morning? what the fuck? do i even need to propose a hypothetical question in response to that? dude didn’t even apologize to us until sunday night, when he sent this sorry fucking excuse for an apology. 

Aidan (Sunday 11:38 PM): Hey, I’m going to sleep now, but I wanted to say thank you for taking care of me on Friday night. Getting that drunk was shitty of me to do, and I’m really sorry. It definitely won’t happen again. If you want/need to talk about it with me in person, just wake me up when you are going to bed. I would have talked to you in person about it, but there hasn’t really been a chance this weekend, and I didn’t want to interrupt you and Isaac hanging out right now.

for context, isaac and i and wonjun would not really talk to aidan after the event and we just sit in their suite and close the door and talk. it’s so bullshit though. just shut the fuck up and knock and own up to your bullshit. jesus fucking christ. like i understand it’s embarrassing and you feel like shit but at least own up to it. i would literally do everything in my power to apologize to my roommates and clean up if i ever did something like that. instead this dude barely cleans his shit and doesn’t even take the trash out after dumping his fucking shitty waste in there. and i pretty much avoid being in the dorm and a couple days later aidan tries to talk to me finally. it goes something like this:

Aidan: Hey are we just gonna move past it or should we like-

Abi: i am going to the gym goodbye

did not want to deal w it

my roommates and i were supposed to talk to him sunday but since i am moving out i guess the talk will never happen. or will happen today. idk.

moral of the story: i’m not letting my kids go random. no one deserves an aidan scatlan. 
